# Quesadillas

Created: June 7, 2020 9:13 AM
Origin: Online
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0G5Y2SOW0c
Description: Based off of Binging With Babish's recipe (see link above)

## Ingredients

- Meat of choice e.g. mince beef, steak, chicken breast etc.
- 1-2 onions
- Garlic (number of cloves is up to preference)
- Avocado
- Carrot
- Shredded cheese (preferably cheddar)
- Bell peppers (optional)
- 5-6 eggs (optional)
- Beans (optional)
- Tortillas (any kind e.g. homemade or store-bought)
- Seasoning of choice (paprika, chilli powder, garlic powder, onion powder etc.)

## Instructions

1. Wash and marinate the mince beef. Marinade includes salt, pepper, soya/teriyaki sauce, lime juice, paprika, chilli powder, parsley etc.
2. Mince garlic cloves and chop onion.
3. Shred carrot and chop all vegetables.
4. Whisk all eggs (add in salt, pepper, milk) and scramble in a pot. Set aside once cooked. 
5. Cook beans for 4-5 minutes (or until warm).
6. Cook mince beef with onions and garlic.
7. Spoon a layer of mince beef over half of the tortilla. Add a layer shredded carrot, shredded cheese, beans (and other vegetables). Fold over the other half of the tortilla to close.
8. Drizzle a generous amount of oil into a pan and allow pan to heat up to oil's smoking point (or just like until it's really hot).
9. Once hot, add in two folded tortillas side-by-side and fry on both sides until golden brown and cheese has melted. 
10. Slice each tortilla into triangles and serve with sriracha mayonnaise and guac. 

**NB** For the guac, mash with a fork and just add salt and pepper.