# Sirloin Steak

Created: January 6, 2020 11:16 AM
Origin: Online
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQT7PN4Tzsg
Description: Overnight marinade for sirloin steak (also work with other cuts of steak). Goes well with homemade garlic bread.

## Ingredients

- Sirloin steak (other cuts of steak also work such as hanger steak)
- Head of garlic (or garlic powder)
- Soya sauce (sodium content doesn't matter)
- Teriyaki sauce (optional)
- Olive oil
- Salt & pepper
- Parsley
- Paprika
- Onion powder (optional)
- Butter
- Two kinds of shredded cheese e.g. cheddar and gouda (if you can't get two then just cheddar is fine)
- 1 loaf of French bread

## Instructions

**NB** Leave steak out overnight to defrost. Full homemade garlic bread recipe can be found [here](Homemade%20Garlic%20Bread%20227891e9bc2044118c182b8cd23f14b4.md).

1. Unpack and immediately wash all cuts of steak under cold water. Pat dry with tissue paper.
2. Pour a small amount of olive oil onto the steak and rub in. Flip over and repeat on the opposite side. 
3. Rub in salt, pepper, paprika, onion powder (optional), garlic powder (optional) and parsley on both sides. 
4. Place all cuts of steak into a ziplock bag and pour in soya sauce and teriyaki sauce (50:50). Crush 4 garlic cloves with a knife and add into the bag. Seal the bag shut, place into a glass bowl and let sit overnight to marinate. 
5. After marinating, bring out the steak and set aside for now. Bring out 1 loaf of French bread and cut in half along the middle. In a glass bowl add room temperature butter, shredded cheese, minced garlic and parsley. Mix well before spreading onto both halves of the loaf. 
6. Loosely wrap both halves of bread in tin foil and place in the oven for ten minutes (or until cheese is bubbly) at 180°C. Once cheese has melted slice the garlic bread. 
7. In an iron skillet (or normal frying pan) drizzle with a dash of oil and allow pan to heat up. Place in one cut of steak at a time, add in garlic cloves, butter and rosemary (optional). Allow butter to melt before placing both the garlic cloves and rosemary on top of the steak and baste.
8. Remove everything from the top of the steak and flip, repeat step 7. Cook to preference e.g. rare, medium rare, well done. 
9. Allow steak to cool for 2 minutes.
10. Serve whole or cut into thin strips with garlic bread.